hello welcome to the next weekly
news as on today my con 2010 grit
two stars ibsen and days at
Release period wage or limited
so we come to a short news and
although at 1 1 2013
And so now the state of the mine
com publishes the event
takes place from the second to
third november 2013 in
orlando no matter if any of you
a mine is interested but
I thought you can hurt a lot so you can
right next news, grid 2
there was the supermodel fight back now
Published dlc costs five euros
is there for pc and xbox 360 1480
microsoft points for the ps3 is coming first
on 26 June out we already had the
was ne news from the so you can tolerate
here already outside get yeah and that
dlc included are four rare or
special edition of different
cars including the mazda rx-7 th
speed or the 1500 later everything should be
wrong I do not fight with cars
but four new cars and costs 5 euros
So what is beautiful for fans
we start to start that's one
big topic too for me i am very
in a hurry
that was very much on kickstarter
supported with ten million dollars
and there was now known how
Expensive is actually for the
Develop a ship and
Although that is so wrong in such ships
the
so many polygons are developed
get so much details that a ship
to make a small ship only one
small little fighter costs about
35,000 US dollars as a small model
because he has so much detail
There are many moving parts in it
and so on and the bigger ships like that
battleship or so it is there
even cost up to 150,000 us dollars
that's gross you can do it that way
imagine such a normal character
game character model of any 08
50 game call of duty what he is
consists of about 10,000 polishes
and a vehicle model from about
30,000 polygons here is a small one
hunter installation is approximately out
300,000 polygons that's gross that
I just wanted to bring purely as news
because that's me very much
I find it very blatantly simple and
think that's great too because it's us
the in is interested in the game that
me personally super so that 's me
I'm so keen that it does not exist
and I already have a few videos
to see and you can see in the
Models what a job
I 'm glad and there I am
very much at stake and that is
now always such a fact of me right
umhaut and well could my comment
Write constanze whose hero or
Holds will now be interested and to
finalize a short message about
days at, and that is where it was
release of the release period again
was more limited and indeed was
first said no later than mid-august
will build what so the alpha and
now it's even a bit earlier
Internally white apparently rocks already
modest about the release date white halt
not announce yet and the skirts great
just said at the press conference 2013
that the release at about
So one week was limited to
a certain week which week that
is
but probably apparently
before august or before mid august
So maybe even the end of
months or who knows
they are very mysterious, I think
and I think slowly we are
bit guilty that they are us
at least a rough one as if he were good
it's rough but a little one already
At least we can do this week
say
but well they want that then seems
not yet and I'm just curious
I hope it comes at the end of this month
out the first were already for
announced at the end of 2012 that's also true
very funny that is now seven months
but still took what you should
do
I hope the game will be over in the end and
you are welcome to comment on days at
the standalone and all the
Schnickschnack like in the comments
Post
I would be happy and of course
I would also be thumbs up
happy and otherwise I would say yes
just fold it in and by then
Zschau